.TH KIWIIRC 1
.SH NAME
melonirc \- the Melon IRC web client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B melonirc
[\fB\-f\fR | \fBstart\fR | \fBstop\fR | \fBrestart\fR | \fBstatus\fR | \fBreconfig\fR | \fBbuild\fR] [\fB\-c\fR\ \fIconfig_file\fR] [\fB\-p\fR\ \fIpid_file\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Melon IRC is a web-based IRC client built using Node.js.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-f\fR
Run the melon server in the foreground. When run in the foreground melon will print all logs to stdout.
.TP
.BR start\fR
Start the melon server and fork in to the background. 
.TP
.BR stop\fR
Stop the melon server if it is running.
.TP
.BR restart\fR
Restart the melon server. If it is not running, it will be started.
.TP
.BR status\fR
Output to stdout whether the melon server is running or not. If it is running it will also display the server's PID.
.TP
.BR reconfig\fR
Forces the melon server to re-load its configuration file by sending the process \fBSIGUSR1\fR.
.TP
.BR build\fR
Builds the necessary client files. This will process translation files, build the HTML file and bundle and minify the client-side JavaScript code.
.TP
.BR \-c\fR\ \fIconfig_file\fR
Use the specified \fIconfig_file\fR instead of searching the pre-defined locations. By default the melon server will look in \fI/etc/melonirc\fR and the installation directory for a configuration file named \fIconfig.js\fR.
.TP
.BR \-p\fR\ \fIpid_file\fR
Write the melon server's PID to this file. By default, melon will write the PID to a file called \fImelonirc.pid\fR in the installation directory unless it is started with the \fB\-f\fR flag.
.SH FILES
.TP
.IR /etc/melonirc/config.js
If this file exists, and the \fB\-c\fR option has not been specified, melon will use this file as its configuration file. If it does not exist, melon will try to locate \fIconfig.js\fR in its installation directory.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs on the GitHub issues page at
.UR https://github.com/prawnsalad/MelonIRC/issues 
.UE
or on the mailing list at
.MT melonirc@googlegroups.com
.ME .